Create a web application in Java called "Wiki Truth". The purpose of this app is to allow users to compare the content of a single Wikipedia article across multiple language versions using OpenAI's GPT-4.0 API and highlight factual and narrative differences.

Main Functionalities:

Homepage:

The user selects an input language from all available Wikipedia languages.

The user enters a search query.

As the user types, real-time suggestions of Wikipedia article titles in that language should appear (via the Wikipedia Search API).

The user selects one of the article titles.

The homepage must include a detailed description of the app’s purpose and functionality:

"Wiki Truth uses artificial intelligence to compare Wikipedia articles across multiple languages. It reveals how the same topic can be presented differently in various linguistic and cultural contexts."

Language Selection Page (after selecting the article):

The app fetches all available language versions of the selected article (using Wikipedia LangLinks API).

The user selects from 2 to 5 language versions for comparison.

The user also selects an output language, in which the comparison will be generated.

Comparison Logic:

When the user clicks "Compare Articles":

The app retrieves the full content of the selected article versions (using the Wikipedia API).

The articles are combined into a structured JSON object, formatted like:

json
Копировать
Редактировать
{
  "en": "Full English article text...",
  "ru": "Полный текст статьи на русском...",
  "fr": "Texte complet de l'article français...",
  ...
}
This JSON is then sent to OpenAI's GPT-4.0 API with instructions to compare the articles.

The model must:

Identify and explain all differences in factual content, framing, and tone.

Clearly state which information appears in which language version.

Return the comparison in the selected output language.

The output must be long, structured, and accurate.

Funny Mode:

A special button labeled “Funny Mode” allows the user to request a humorous roast-style comparison.

The app sends the same JSON content to GPT-4.0 with instructions to generate a sarcastic and witty commentary on the differences.

Emphasize absurd or unexpected ways different language editions present the same topic.

Export and Share:

After generating the comparison, the user can:

Export the result as a .docx (Microsoft Word) document.

Click on share buttons (X, LinkedIn, Telegram, WhatsApp, Reddit):

These buttons copy the full comparison text and a permalink to this session to the clipboard for easy sharing.

Design Requirements:

The application must perfectly mimic the visual design of Wikipedia:

Use the same fonts, spacing, colors, and layout.

All UI components must visually match Wikipedia, including mobile responsiveness.

The design goal is for the app to look like it is part of Wikipedia.

